No need to come
I invested in Dongshan before, and that land was worth 100 billion.
I can take out this little money
Delusional Interference Foundation
How is that possible?
Hey, no, no.
One code is one code
Corporate behavior
How can mom use your money?
Mom, I think you got it wrong
I made it very clear from the beginning
Purely personal
Fan'er, what do you mean?
Literally
Bastard wants to start over
But now is not the time to turn against him
Fan'er, oh mom
I'm not here just to stand alone as soon as possible
Share your worries and solve your problems
Besides, how old are you about our young couple?
Don't get involved
OK
That's so great!
That being the case
This matter is settled.
What about now?
It's time to fulfill the final bet
Be quiet
What other bets do you have?
That is.
Uncle, it's nothing
Is we bet
If I win
He's going to have a wedding with me
Hahahahaha dad hahaha